very good to all because maniacs and
quini and in this new video against
the one small special medium video
it's an order that I made to Miami and it's
for you to decide are a few things
so we decided these comments what
is what you want me to upload before I go
to teach the things that you caught
as you can see this that always comes
in each box that of the shipments that you
send
here
well we started first here what
we have are covers for letters of
educate I picked up two packages because
as they are 32 covers for a teacher
well until this 60 so you can not
be alone with a text I do not think that the
opening unless you ask me to but
I see it a little silly
I leave you here the following is this one
box of 20 envelopes with 5 cards each
one d
racing graze what in Japanese
yes yes lisin fast
this time since I have more things the
it divides only into two parts so yes that
I exist to say of the comments left
here too
then this is another thing a box of
megas ariza lakes
an exactly at home but a deck and
when we open it, it explains what it is
exactly
As you can see here, it has an Alex look and a
megabyte álex and the truth is that it aims
enough way is this
here too
and finally I have this I do not know sir and
for these fears
it is a pack of mega limestone in the
that comes a post with this image of
Cádiz to a promo card that can be from
stephen king of kings and 6 out of 2 of the
collection of hovering as 2 of freedom
and 2 d
of flash faith no de wilileaks
cacau of collections of this I have
two so I do not know if it's divided into 12
parts here the m
chopped because it was pretty cheap
so it's typical of your pc
good
so leave your comments what is
what you want to open before and according to
the comments keep going up in
a note
so I hope you like the following
opening
and especially like comment and
subscribe to see you soon